fix: non-reverting upgrade announcement (#547)
FilOzone/filecoin-services: service_contracts/tools/UPGRADE-CHECKLIST.md

### Upgrade Schedule

> | Network | Announcement mode (v1.3.1 bootstrap only) | Requested delay | Actual `AFTER_EPOCH` | Status |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Network | Announcement mode (v1.3.1 bootstrap only) | Requested delay epochs | Actual `AFTER_EPOCH` | Status |
```

> | Routine | `2880` epochs (~24h) | 1-2 days |
> | Breaking change | `20160` epochs (~1 week) | 1-2 weeks |
> 
> Calibnet can use a shorter window for rehearsal and validation, but use enough time for signers to coordinate. Select a positive operational delay; the contract's one-epoch floor is an emergency safety bound, not the routine notice policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Upgrade Type | Minimum Notice | Recommended |
|---|---:|---|
| Calibration | `240` epochs (~2h) | ~1 day |
| Mainnet Routine | `2880` epochs (~24h) | 1-2 days |
| Mainnet Breaking change | `20160` epochs (~1 week) | 1-2 weeks |

Select a positive operational delay; the contract's one-epoch floor is an emergency safety bound, not the routine notice policy.
```

With delay-based announcement, Safe signing time no longer consumes the notice window, so the "enough time for signers to coordinate" wording can go. (Signers still need to coordinate to sign — that just shouldn't dictate the delay.)

```bash

> export UPGRADE_DELAY_EPOCHS=2880 # use 240+ for Calibnet rehearsal, 20160 for breaking changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export UPGRADE_DELAY_EPOCHS=<ENTER_VALUE_FROM_TABLE_ABOVE>
```

I think we should make people deliberate about the value they choose and not just get a value from copy/pasting without thinking.

(Same goes below.)

Reviewer 2: Fixed in: https://github.com/FilOzone/filecoin-services/commit/eee19d74285de35680cca79697d6706040830057

### Phase 3: Calibnet Announce + Execute

**Announce**

> - [ ] Set the Calibnet requested delay and update the schedule table. **v1.3.1 bootstrap only:** record the announcement mode as `legacy`; upgrades from v1.3.1 onward always use `delay`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Set the requested delay in the update table.. **v1.3.1 bootstrap only:** record the announcement mode as `legacy`; upgrades from v1.3.1 onward always use `delay`.
```

I think this step is just about updating the table.

Reviewer 2: Fixed in: https://github.com/FilOzone/filecoin-services/commit/97e52425edcded8a2eda6c26e84de8a844422fa0

> - [ ] Generate announce calldata and submit/sign/execute in Safe UI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Generate announce calldata
```

It doesn't seem like we're submitting/signing/executing in the Safe UI here.

export ETH_RPC_URL="https://api.calibration.node.glif.io/rpc/v1"
export FWSS_PROXY_ADDRESS="0x02925630df557F957f70E112bA06e50965417CA0"
export NEW_FWSS_IMPLEMENTATION_ADDRESS="$CALI_NEW_IMPL"
```

For the normal delay-based flow:

```bash
export UPGRADE_DELAY_EPOCHS=240 # use a longer window if desired
export ANNOUNCEMENT_MODE=delay
unset AFTER_EPOCH
```

For the v1.3.0 -> v1.3.1 bootstrap rollout only, use this configuration instead:

```bash
export ANNOUNCEMENT_MODE=legacy
export LEGACY_NOTICE_EPOCHS=240
export SAFE_SIGNING_BUFFER_EPOCHS=240
CURRENT_EPOCH=$(cast block-number --rpc-url "$ETH_RPC_URL")
export AFTER_EPOCH=$((CURRENT_EPOCH + SAFE_SIGNING_BUFFER_EPOCHS + LEGACY_NOTICE_EPOCHS))
unset UPGRADE_DELAY_EPOCHS
```

Generate the transaction after selecting exactly one configuration above:

```bash
CALLDATA_ONLY=true ./warm-storage-announce-upgrade.sh
```

> - [ ] In Safe Transaction Builder, set target to the printed FWSS proxy, value to `0`, and data to the printed calldata

Reviewer: dont need to expand scope, but doesn't the Safe UI have a CLI for doing this?

Author: I think we prefer the transaction builder over the CLI.

**Announce**
- [ ] Technical owner records Mainnet go/no-go after reviewing Calibnet evidence, rollback status, dependency targets, and cross-repo status
- [ ] Confirm required cross-repo changes are merged/released or explicitly waived by the technical owner
- [ ] Notify stakeholders before announcing Mainnet, including FilB so they can propagate the upgrade notice

> - [ ] Set the Mainnet requested delay and update the schedule table. **v1.3.1 bootstrap only:** record the announcement mode as `legacy`; upgrades from v1.3.1 onward always use `delay`.

Reviewer: Same as Calibnet: the steps below cover env/calldata generation, but please keep an explicit checkbox to update the schedule table with the requested delay and observed `AFTER_EPOCH`.

Reviewer 2: Fixed in: https://github.com/FilOzone/filecoin-services/commit/97e52425edcded8a2eda6c26e84de8a844422fa0

export ETH_RPC_URL="https://api.node.glif.io/rpc/v1"
export FWSS_PROXY_ADDRESS="0x8408502033C418E1bbC97cE9ac48E5528F371A9f"
export NEW_FWSS_IMPLEMENTATION_ADDRESS="$MAIN_NEW_IMPL"
```

For the normal delay-based flow:

```bash
export UPGRADE_DELAY_EPOCHS=2880 # use 20160 for breaking changes
export ANNOUNCEMENT_MODE=delay
unset AFTER_EPOCH
```

For the v1.3.0 -> v1.3.1 bootstrap rollout only, use this configuration instead:

```bash
export ANNOUNCEMENT_MODE=legacy
export LEGACY_NOTICE_EPOCHS=2880
export SAFE_SIGNING_BUFFER_EPOCHS=2880
CURRENT_EPOCH=$(cast block-number --rpc-url "$ETH_RPC_URL")
export AFTER_EPOCH=$((CURRENT_EPOCH + SAFE_SIGNING_BUFFER_EPOCHS + LEGACY_NOTICE_EPOCHS))
unset UPGRADE_DELAY_EPOCHS

> ```

Reviewer: There is duplication of this logic for calibration and mainnet. A couple of ideas:
1. is this functionality that can just be put into the warm-storage-announce-upgrade script?
2. or do we put the snippets at the bottom of the checklist and reference them?

Reviewer 2: In https://github.com/FilOzone/filecoin-services/commit/c6ec2d611cf167966effca15c471b5eb99ea5b5d I put snippets towards the bottom of the checklist and referenced that instead of having the duplication in the checklist

### Phase 5: Promote Release and Close Out
- [ ] Confirm live Calibnet and Mainnet FWSS implementation slots match the new implementation addresses

> - [ ] After FWSS v1.3.1 is live on Calibnet and Mainnet, treat `ANNOUNCEMENT_MODE=legacy` as deprecated and decide whether rollback to v1.3.0 is still supported. Once that rollback path is retired, open and merge a follow-up PR that removes the legacy mode, its `AFTER_EPOCH` handling, the temporary announcement-mode schedule column and bootstrap clauses, the README bootstrap example, and the Temporary Bootstrap Compatibility instructions; record the cleanup PR link. If v1.3.0 rollback remains supported, retain legacy mode or document the exact v1.3.1-tagged helper that operators must use.

Reviewer: This reads like the in-checklist backlog reminder — fine if that's intentional so we don't lose it, but maybe track the post-rollout cleanup (legacy tooling/docs + deprecated Solidity method) in a dedicated issue linked from https://github.com/FilOzone/filecoin-services/issues/549?

Reviewer 2: Fixed in: https://github.com/FilOzone/filecoin-services/commit/6f9cb05862d40144394ae9e073bb255b4ef80df4
